[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi.
I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see
how to edit video properties
for multiple videos.
Video properties
for a single video
can easily be changed by
clicking on a video title
and then editing the property
in the appropriate section.
Now, what if you need to
change the same property
for multiple videos?
For example, maybe I
want to tag my bird
videos with the tag "Birds."
The Quick Edit feature
in the media module
makes it easy to change
properties for multiple videos.
I'm going to select
some bird videos
by clicking on the checkbox.
When the videos are selected,
click on the Quick Edit button.
For this example, I want to tag
all these videos with birds.
So I'll add "Birds" in
the Tags To Add field.
To cancel changes made to
a property, click Restore.
Notice this can also be
used to quickly remove
all tags from these videos.
You can see the other
properties that can also be set.
Note that when at
least one video has
values assigned to a
property, edit mixed value
will be displayed.
When you're done making
changes, click Save.
To close the Quick
Edit panel, click the X
or click the Quick
Edit button again.